readme.md, before:

# sprout-commonjs-lib
> [Sprout](https://github.com/carrot/sprout) based Node/CommonJS package generator.

[![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

###### Installation / Usage

```shell
npm install -g sprout
sprout add commonjs-lib https://github.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib
sprout init commonjs-lib my-new-lib
```

> NOTE: You may pass a relative path (as depicted above) or a full path as the last parameter to `sprout init`.

###### npm stats

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![NPM downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib)

## Demo Video

[![demo](https://cloudup.com/cvqmuxPKbym+)](http://youtu.be/pbl2az38PeQ)

## Features

 * Lint & style checking via [JavaScript Standard Style](https://github.com/feross/standard).
 * Green test suite via [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape) & [npm test](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/test).
 * Run tests automatically on file change va [nodemon](http://nodemon.io).
 * CI via [Travis CI](travis-ci.org).
 * Markdown-based [README](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/README) with awesome repo badges via [Shields.IO](http://shields.io).
 * Changelog per [Keep a CHANGELOG](http://keepachangelog.com).
 * Contributer [Guidelines](https://github.com/blog/1184-contributing-guidelines).
 * [EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org) support.
 * [MIT](LICENSE) license.
 * Support for npm [scoped packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scope).

## Input-based template variables

 * `github_user_name` GitHub user name.
 * `github_user_email` GitHub user email.
 * `package_name` Name of the project.
 * `repo_name` GitHub repository name (without username).
 * `package_description` Package description.
 * `travis` Whether to use Travis CI.

## Derived template variables

 * `author_full_name` Package author's full name.
 * `date` Current date.
 * `export_name` Default module export name (camelCased package name).
 * `github_clone_url` GitHub clone URL.
 * `simple_name` package name with file extension removed.

## Alternatives

- [generator-nm](https://github.com/sindresorhus/generator-nm)
- [sprout-node](https://github.com/carrot/sprout-node)

## Licenses

[![LICENSE](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](license)

Commit message:

package cleanup
- add contributing.md.
- add "why" section to readme.
- revert to tap-spec@^2.2.2.
- organized package.json like fixpack would.

readme.md, after:

# sprout-commonjs-lib
> [Sprout](https://github.com/carrot/sprout) based Node/CommonJS package generator.

[![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

###### Installation / Usage

```shell
npm install -g sprout
sprout add commonjs-lib https://github.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib
sprout init commonjs-lib my-new-lib
```

> NOTE: You may pass a relative path (as depicted above) or a full path as the last parameter to `sprout init`.

###### npm stats

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![NPM downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/sprout-commonjs-lib) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib)

## Demo Video

[![demo](https://cloudup.com/cvqmuxPKbym+)](http://youtu.be/pbl2az38PeQ)

## Features

 * Lint & style checking via [JavaScript Standard Style](https://github.com/feross/standard).
 * Green test suite via [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape) & [npm test](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/test).
 * Run tests automatically on file change va [nodemon](http://nodemon.io).
 * CI via [Travis CI](travis-ci.org).
 * Markdown-based [README](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/README) with awesome repo badges via [Shields.IO](http://shields.io).
 * Changelog per [Keep a CHANGELOG](http://keepachangelog.com).
 * Contributer [Guidelines](https://github.com/blog/1184-contributing-guidelines).
 * [EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org) support.
 * [MIT](LICENSE) license.
 * Support for npm [scoped packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scope).

## Why use this generator over the others?

How one builds Node modules is a fairly personal and evolving process. It should also be as painless as possible. I personally prefer to use a generator that streamlines the way **I** build modules/packages over generators that provide a ton of options. If I find that I need those options, I'll bake them into the process.

If your module/package building process is similar to mine, then this is the right generator for you. If it is close but you feel like my process is missing something, check out the [contributing doc](contributing.md) and send over a PR.

## Input-based template variables

 * `github_user_name` GitHub user name.
 * `github_user_email` GitHub user email.
 * `package_name` Name of the project.
 * `repo_name` GitHub repository name (without username).
 * `package_description` Package description.
 * `travis` Whether to use Travis CI.

## Derived template variables

 * `author_full_name` Package author's full name.
 * `date` Current date.
 * `export_name` Default module export name (camelCased package name).
 * `github_clone_url` GitHub clone URL.
 * `simple_name` package name with file extension removed.

## Alternatives

- [generator-nm](https://github.com/sindresorhus/generator-nm) (Yeoman)
- [sprout-node](https://github.com/carrot/sprout-node) (Sprout)
- [module-init](https://www.npmjs.com/package/module-init) (Just Node)

## Licenses

[![LICENSE](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](license)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wilmoore/sprout-commonjs-lib.svg)](license)
